Add info DecimalType using strings. (#7107)
cakephp/docs: en/orm/database-basics.rst

    option can be used to define the precision used.
decimal
    Maps to the ``DECIMAL`` type. Supports the ``length`` and  ``precision``
    options. Values for decimal type ares be represented as strings (not as float
    as some might expect). This is because decimal types are used to represent
    exact numeric values in databases and using float type for them in PHP can
    potentially lead to precision loss.

    If you want the values to be `float` in your PHP code then consider using

>     `FLOAT` or `DOUBLE` type columns in your database or depending on your use
>     case you can explicity map your decimal columns to `float` type in your table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `FLOAT` or `DOUBLE` type columns in your database. Also, depending on your use
    case. you can explicitly map your decimal columns to `float` type in your table
```
